DOC: add contributing guide (#814)
mesonbuild/meson-python: docs/how-to-guides/contributing.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 The meson-python developers
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. _how-to-guides-contributing:

Contributing
============

Thank you for your interest in contributing.  ``meson-python`` development is
hosted on GitHub_ and uses the ubiquitous pull-request based workflow.  The
usual Python development practices apply.  Python source code should adhere to
the `PEP 8`_ code style with a maximum line length of 127 characters.  Single
quotes are used as string delimiters.  Python code uses typing annotations

> verified via Mypy_. Python code is kept lint-free sweeping it with Ruff_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verified via Mypy_. Python code is kept clean by linting it with Ruff_.
```

Reviewer: It reads a little too awkward, I'd replace it

``meson-python`` focus is producing Python wheels containing extension modules

> and thus running its test suite requires C and C++ compilers, and CMake. The

Reviewer: CMake? I guess you meant Ninja?

Reviewer: `ninja` from PyPI seems fine indeed, it's small enough. The advanced contributor will understand anyway that system Ninja is fine too.
